What? Don’t you die joyfully in righteousness?
What I care about is my rationale, not your opinion.
Appreciation is not in your hands at all. Do you think you don’t know?
You appreciate it. Kill, I will kill all the former Yu Mie you have here.
Because the things of this generation also take into account the traffic scenery of the era,
Not self-illuminating. Kill, Zi Ming,
Look after him, let him go, and do it.
Thank you for listening to the life outside. Your men are more righteous,
One by one, they died in the sky.
of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of
Otherwise you won’t believe it either
I want you to believe it or not.
Do you believe in citizens?
you forgive me
You will never go to school again
I won't take part in anything like this again
Let Hua Fangguo go
Weren't you quite popular just now?
Just be arrogant, don’t believe in me and treat me
Why are you asking for it now?
You just became Fang Qiu’s Qi clan?
Don’t you want to pay the country?
Why are you so scared now?
It’s me watching people in the park
It's the park where I eat some words and think about it, please let it go
Let Hua go
This is your attitude park when asking for help.
Please let Hua go, let Hua go, let Hua go, don't worry.
I’m not sure if I’ll do another lesson plan today.
You have a long-lasting meal on your hands
Prove that you are all prepared for an assassination
You'll die just because of this